[OP-19833] Extend migration docs (#24578)
opf/openproject: docs/installation-and-operations/operation/restoring/README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Migrating from a packaged (DEB/RPM) installation?**
> Follow the dedicated [packaged → Docker Compose migration guide](../../misc/packaged-docker-migration/).
> That guide covers transferring the SQL dump, attachments, and `SECRET_KEY_BASE`, as well as handling older OpenProject versions.

### Using Docker Compose

Let's assume you want to restore a database dump given in a file, say `openproject.sql`.
Run the following commands from the directory that contains your `docker-compose.yml`, after you have started the stack at least once with `docker compose up -d`.

> [!WARNING]
> If the dump comes from an OpenProject version that is **more than one major release** behind the image used by Docker Compose, the `seeder` may crash-loop without a useful error.
> In that case, first upgrade the dump with the [`bin/migrate`](https://github.com/opf/openproject/blob/dev/bin/migrate) script as described in the [step-wise migration documentation](../upgrading/#step-wise-database-migration-script), then import the migrated dump below.

> 1. Stop the application containers so nothing writes to the database during import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Stop the application containers to prevent writes to the database during the import:
```

   ```

3. Recreate the database (Compose connects as the `postgres` superuser by default):

   ```shell
   docker compose exec -T db psql -U postgres -c 'CREATE DATABASE openproject OWNER postgres;'
   ```

   If your dump expects an `openproject` role, create it first:

   ```shell
   docker compose exec -T db psql -U postgres -c "DO \$\$ BEGIN CREATE ROLE openproject LOGIN; EXCEPTION WHEN duplicate_object THEN NULL; END \$\$;"
   ```

4. Import the dump:

   ```shell
   # Plain SQL dump
   docker compose exec -T db psql -U postgres -d openproject < openproject.sql

   # Gzipped dump (e.g. from bin/migrate)
   gunzip -c openproject-migrated.sql.gz | docker compose exec -T db psql -U postgres -d openproject
   ```

5. Restore attachments into the assets volume (see [Restoring attachments (Docker Compose)](#restoring-attachments-docker-compose) below).

6. Run the seeder once to perform any remaining migrations:

   ```shell
   docker compose run --rm seeder
   ```

7. Restart the application processes:

   ```shell
   docker compose up -d
   ```

8. Confirm with `docker compose logs -f` that the processes are starting correctly.

> > **NOTE:** If the backup was made in the OpenProject Enterprise-Cloud, please navigate to [Changing the database schema from cloud to on-premises](./#changing-the-database-schema-from-cloud-to-on-premises)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If the backup was made in the OpenProject Enterprise-Cloud, please navigate to [Changing the database schema from cloud to on-premises](./#changing-the-database-schema-from-cloud-to-on-premises)
```
